Add a Roadmap document (#116)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: processes/roadmap.md

# Metal3 Roadmap

The Metal3 Roadmap is maintained as a Github project and can be found
[here](https://github.com/orgs/metal3-io/projects/2).

## Description

Each column in the project represents the work items for a specific release of
either Baremetal Operator or Cluster API Provider Metal3. In addition there is

> a `Feature requests` that contains item that have not yet been accepted and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a `Feature requests` column that contains items that have not yet been accepted and the
```
